Alright! In this video, we have an
assignment. I wanna get you some
hands-on working with WebFlux, and what
we are gonna do is create the GET
endpoints for vendors. So, what we want is
two new endpoints. And by endpoint, I mean
a URL that we can hit. One of them is
going to list all vendors, and then, the
second one is going to get vendor by ID.
And we wanna do this just like we did
before, exactly like we did in the last
video. But I want you to get the hands-on
experience with this. So, develop the
controller methods, and then, also create
unit tests for each one of those. And I
want you use the WebTestClient, like we
demonstrated before. And also, set up so
we get complete test coverage here. So,
pretty simple assignment. It's just a
repeat of what we did previously. But I
want you to go through it and get your
hands on it and get used to working with
the reactive types and the WebFlux client, or WebFlux coding inside of
Spring Framework. Because remember, this
WebFlux is a completely different web
framework than what we have with Spring
MVC. So, this is like a whole new thing.
But, you can see, there's a lot of
similarities between that, but I want you
to start getting your hands on, because
until you'd really get your hands into
the code, you're not gonna see these
little small nuances. They're still there.
But getting used to working with these
reactive types. I think it's important for
you get your hands on. And in the next
video, I'm gonna go through this step by
step. We'll create the VendorController.
We'll set that all up. We'll go ahead and
create the unit tests using Mockito and
WebTestClient. I'll step you through
that. But first, I hope you take this as a
challenge. Go through it and work for
it yourself, and if you have problems,
you'll have the next video to look at
and see me do it step-by-step.